docs(tem): quickstart and how-tos (#942)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Transactional Email capabilities and limits
  description: This section provides information on capabilities and limits regarding Transactional Email
content:
  h1: Transactional Email capabilities and limits
  paragraph: This section provides information on capabilities and limits regarding Transactional Email
dates:
  validation: 2022-11-07
  posted: 2022-11-07
---

> This page provides information about the capabilities and limits of Scaleway Transactional Email service, depending on the quotas users have chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides information about the capabilities and limits of Scaleway Transactional Email service, depending on user quotas.
```
